# FilepoolTemplateAction

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**action_param** | **str** | Varies according to action_type:  - set_requested_protection: (default | +1 | +1n | +2:1 | +2d:1n | +2 | +2n | +3:1 | +3d:1n | +3d:1n1d | +3 | +3n | +4 | +4n | +4:1 | +4d:1n | +4:2 | +4d:2n | 2x | 3x | 4x | 5x | 6x | 7x | 8x).  - set_data_access_pattern: (random | concurrency | streaming).  - enable_coalescer &lt;boolean&gt;  - apply_data_storage_policy or apply_snapshot_storage_policy &lt;object(dictionary)&gt;:  -- storagepool &lt;string&gt;      Name of a storage pool or &#39;anywhere&#39;.  -- ssd_strategy (metadata | metadata-write | data | avoid).      SSD strategy of diskpool policy action. &#39;metadata&#39; stores a single metadata mirror on SSD; &#39;metadata-write&#39; stores all metadata on SSD; &#39;data&#39; stores all metadata and data on SSD and &#39;avoid&#39; stores no data or metadata on SSD.   - set_cloudpool_policy &lt;object (dictionary)&gt;:  -- archive_parameters &lt;object (dictionary)&gt;:  --- pool &lt;string&gt;       Move to the cloud pool with the given ID.   --- compression &lt;boolean&gt;       Compress data moved to the cloud.   --- encryption &lt;boolean&gt;       Encrypt data moved to the cloud.   --- data_retention &lt;duration&gt;       The minimum number of seconds archived data will be retained in the cloud after deletion.   --- incremental_backup_retention &lt;duration&gt;       (Used with SyncIQ and NDMP backups.)  The minimum number of seconds cloud files will be retained after the creation of a SyncIQ backup or an incremental NDMP backup.   --- full_backup_retention &lt;duration&gt;       (Used with NDMP backups only.  Not applicable to SyncIQ.) The minimum number of seconds cloud files will be retained after the creation of a full NDMP backup.   --- writeback_frequency &lt;duration&gt;       The minimum number of seconds to wait before updating cloud data with local changes.   --- archive_snapshot_files &lt;boolean&gt;       Also include snapshots file when uploading to the cloud.  --- cache &lt;object dictionary&gt;:   ---- type &lt;string&gt;       Accessibility of archived files (one of \&quot;cached\&quot; or \&quot;no-cache\&quot;).  ---- read_ahead &lt;string&gt;       Cache read ahead strategy for cloud files (one of partial, full).  ---- expiration &lt;duration&gt;      Duration of time in seconds until the cache expires.  - enable_packing &lt;boolean&gt; (only supported in version 4 and above)  - null parameter for action_param is use to clear the policy (POST).  &lt;duration&gt; Duration expressed as &lt;integer&gt;[YMWDHms]. | [optional] 
**action_type** | **str** |  | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


